Add links to Python and JS option usage (#32)
rism-digital/verovio-reference-book: _book/05-toolkit-reference/04-toolkit-options.md

  <label><input type="radio" name="lang" checked>Command-line parameters</label>
</div>
<div class="hidden-print radio-inline">

>   <label><input type="radio" name="lang">JSON objects</label>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <label><input type="radio" name="lang">JavaScript options</label>
```

Reviewer: I suspect most people will care about where they're used, not how they're passed. The fact that it's JSON is secondary to it being used to pass the options to the toolkit.

</div>

For the Python toolkit, options have to be passed as [stringified JSON objects](/installing-or-building-from-sources/python.html#basic-usage-of-the-toolkit). For the JavaScript toolkit, they have to be passed as [JSON objects](/first-steps/layout-options.html#passing-options-to-verovio) directly.

### Base short options

> All of the base options are short options in the command-line version of the toolkit. Most of them are command-line options that have no direct corresponding JSON key / value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the base options are short options in the command-line version of the toolkit. Most of them are command-line only and are not used in the JavaScript or Python toolkits.
```
